well everybody well let's welcome back
aaron levy who um
maybe not intentionally has had a great
journey with saster
aaron was the first speaker at the 2015
annual
one week after the
the box ipo you might not remember but i
remember okay yeah you were tired i'm
always tired tired that makes sense yeah
and uh and i remember you won't remember
i don't think i was like covered tired
though
this is like pandemic tired is a whole
different uh stage i think it was tired
of talking
to a hundred analysts of whom three
understood what recurring revenue was
right that makes sense
and nrr and uh
all of these crazy metrics so we'll fast
forward to today the title can you see
it maybe down on the screen here please
zero down we were we were asked to talk
about behind scalable products so we'll
at least come close i do want to talk
about multiple products at first
i and so what i wanted to do is i
grabbed just a few slides
uh from boxes public company stuff and
our and our five interesting learning
series so maybe just to ground everyone
knows what box is but not everyone might
know your metrics okay where you are
today that's possible right yeah yes so
we're coming up on that billion dollar
in revenue we talked about on techcrunch
a few years ago right
yep so fy21 is last year for us so we'll
do about
855 60 million in revenue i forget the
last guidance range but but in that kind
of rough scale yeah and if he had and
we'll get into it
but if you had to summarize how box is
different on the other side of a billion
yeah what's what's what is that other
side of a billion i think actually it is
um uh you know it's so cliche because we
all like everybody here and we wanted to
always build a platform and but like
that literally is the answer you have to
build a platform um and uh and we
but but i think the way you build a
platform that i now is hopefully
doctrine at this point is you build it
through initial use cases that actually
find your product market fit and then
you're able to evolve those use cases
until you have a full comprehensive
platform and so that was kind of our
journey like uh we we started as a
i don't i mean probably nobody remembers
like usb drives and ftp accounts and and
just remember and so
maybe a couple people like back in like
2005 we were on blackberries and you're
on internet explorer and you had usb
thumb drives and so we were just like
let's build a better way to share files
and access data from anywhere we started
box to to have that vision we did not
know the word platform
there was no sort of conceptualization
of what that would mean and and and that
element of the vision but literally
within about a year people started
saying hey can we integrate box into
other applications and they were like
okay well we'll create apis so then we
had apis and then eventually customers
came and said hey we need advanced data
governance functionality and so we said
okay we'll build a governance module and
then eventually we stopped getting sort
of like totally pulled into these
reactively we we decided that was
actually going to be the strategy so we
would build out a multi-product suite
and then eventually a full platform
approach to to go and address these use
cases of how companies manage all of
their their content and so i think at
the other side of a billion
box looks much more like a platform uh
and a a suite of multiple sort of
categories of products all built on one
architecture that can hopefully you know
get procured by the customer in one
simple package um and then they deploy
us across their organization and that's
kind of the journey we've been on so it
was you know one product that was very
more i think most people would have just
said hey we're a feature
and and actually we saw that as a badge
of honor initially because because end
users don't want to buy platforms they
want to buy features and so we we got in
through the feature and then we were
able to ultimately turn that into a
platform
and that that kind of brings us to today
well that you know it is interesting
everyone needs everyone needs a wedge a
10x feature right and so that that that
ism that tritism of a feature versus
solution is pretty stupid if you've been
out in the field isn't it it's uh it is
because the the you know your your
especially incumbent competition is
always trying to deposition you as a
feature and um but but the what they
don't realize is you know hopefully what
you're building behind the scenes
and i think the thing that i look back
on is um uh as maybe one of the biggest
lessons of this of that journey is
architecture matters more than almost
anything else you can imagine uh in that
journey because if your feature is then
completely disconnected to the next
feature and then thus the next feature
then you really aren't on your way to
building a platform uh and so we we made
a bunch of now in retrospect kind of
lucky fortuitous decisions in our
platform architecture that we're not
intentional we just we just lucked out
that we made them the right way and then
eventually they started to become much
more intentional because we knew that we
were building a platform but um one of
those small things that that you really
actually it's worth paying attention to
even when you're just three people in a
garage well let
that's interesting i hadn't thought
about talking about that when i
one reason i think you tweet a lot about
this one reason i think startups can
always beat
folks that come behind them is their
platforms are always at least 10 years
old
i mean by the time by the time even with
the pace we grow today everything that
you might want and so there's always a
place where that architecture or
solution is just almost too dated that
they're not even going to bother right
what um and box originally is we're at
whatever we want to call it sas
1.2.0 we're in web 3 right now but but
yeah we started so early what were the
what was something that you actually got
right that you're talking about because
it was so easy to get things wrong in
the early days from scalability what's
an example of what you're referring to
uh there's a litany of things so um we i
mean first of all now again it's kind of
ridiculous to even talk about this now
but but just we were multi-tenant from
day one and we made no exceptions to
that so when customers said hey can i go
run this inside my data center we said
no we you can't and uh and we lost i i
could probably add up maybe a hundred
million in revenue i would bad in there
easily maybe even today still right yeah
yeah absolutely
there's governments globally that we're
not serving because of that requirement
um but but you can imagine when you only
have like 15 sales reps and you know
three of them are losing major deals
because you're not on prem that's very
painful and like that that becomes a
major topic of of you know challenge for
the business so uh we we basically
rejected all forms of of any
modification to the software uh any
chance of having sort of fragmented
architecture it was a sort of um you
know the henry ford you can have any
color as long as it's black um and uh
and like like that we have one piece of
software and and it's gonna be in our
cloud and this is how you're gonna
deploy it and we had a lot of people say
well that's not how
sharepoint works or documentum works or
some of our you know kind of incumbent
competition and that point of view and
principled approach meant that we have
you know filtered down to the customers
that actually wanted exactly what we had
we could learn from them instead of
being fractured in what we were doing
and that just continues to compound over
time so one multi-tenant architecture
all on the same data model which ended
up being another sort of important
aspect of the of the business which is
uh and this is just esoteric and you
know inside baseball for what we do
which is you store one asset once and
then you can do anything against that
single asset as opposed to again there's
lots of different places where your
files might be and where your content
might go so that single data model
single multi-tenant architecture
was really important and then
because that was all abstracted from
infrastructure this was the key point we
never
we never sustainably fell behind from
what you could actually do with with
computing with software
because even though we started in our
own data centers because uh believe it
or not we literally launched the company
before aws existed so we started in our
own data centers and then we got to
leverage the public cloud and then we
did even more in our data centers but
then now we're doing even more in the
public cloud all the while customers
never had to do a single thing or even
worry about it once um so that's all
happening in
in a way that's fully abstracted from
the customer and now at this point we're
moving even more into the public cloud
leveraging you know every possible
available service and again the magic is
your customer is just going to get all
of those tailwinds benefiting their
their their deployment and so uh i'm i'm
very religious like there's like i
probably only have like one religion it
is it's anti-on-prem you have to be
cloud um and it's because of this
velocity of innovation that you get by
being able to have a single architecture
have you um
that that makes complete sense to me um
given where where the world has gone it
no temptation to do anything that's
hybrid cloud or hybrid something even
now and you have the scale you're coming
up on a billion right you could probably
pull put together a team now there's
just so much money if you're willing to
do it the money's more than ever isn't
it there is and you get 100 million
dollar contract if you're willing to do
some of these hybrid offerings there is
an and um i mean clearly uh
there's absolutely a way now at this
point to not deal with the baggage that
we had 15 years ago where if you deploy
something on prem you know almost
instantaneously you're on the wrong
version and and we can solve it out of
date forever yeah so we can now solve
that i would still posit like if you
really just think about in practice
though think about you know every time
that amazon or azure or others have
launched these sort of on-prem versions
of their clouds these are all relatively
sub-scale versus just the the pure
public cloud infrastructure benefits
that that customers are getting so we're
we're still you know staying the course
on our strategy uh i guess never say
never but but in this case um we're big
believers one just follow-up question
then i want to make sure we have time
for product but
i guess it is related you platform right
and um
i i think
one of the things you that we've learned
over time is as you approach 100 million
right which is now uh uh an order
an order of magnitude less than where
you're going to be
you want to start being multi-product
potentially which we'll talk about in a
minute and you want to start being a
platform for others and box was early
but it's interesting that your vision
it's it's still evolving now for this
platform right are there one or two
things and we'll we'll actually look at
the platform on the next slide and maybe
i'll flip to it except i can't go back
so i'm cautious but are there one or two
things you wish you'd done earlier on
your platform looking back that you
would have pulled pulled them down
earlier yeah i think there was um i
think uh yeah i mean every i just say as
a general statement every feature that
today is or product that today is
performing well i wish i had done
earlier so
there's like unlimited given right yeah
so like like i wish i could do a lot of
that faster um you know we sometimes you
have to find your way of which products
are are working and you know i'd say
every maybe year we have two or three
bets going on in the business of of new
areas of innovation and some years
all of them work some years you look
back and you say okay only one of those
worked or or maybe we even skipped a
year of of actually kind of that type of
value that we want to drive but in
general you know you're always sort of
planting a few seeds um and then and
then while you're working and incubating
the the ones that you planted the prior
year and so today you know data security
is a big area workflow automation's a
big area uh we're now um uh thanks to
your inventions uh we're now doing a lot
more in e-signature um so we appreciate
uh all the uh the wars that you had to
fight before us on that front but um so
we're gonna have multiple pillars of
you know new capabilities all on one
platform and then integrated together
and then offered as apis to to anybody
else that wants to build on box as well
so that's kind of the the vision but i
wish i did all of the stuff that's
working sooner yep and is um
how much of your time now is co do you
get to spend on these two to three big
bets what's what's your how much of your
60 hours a week how is it split up at
scale
certainly when we're not in a proxy
contest i can spend more i wasn't even
going to bring that up but
congratulations i think you beat that by
a higher margin than anyone at all times
right about seven people were paying
attention to that so thank you for uh
for your vote of confidence um i was
there i mean literally i think you beat
the contest by more than like anybody
else of any product we're happy about
the win yeah so um so uh but but uh oh
ultimately i the proxy contest is is i
we just believe shareholders agree with
our strategy so it's sort of not not
even that much more uh maybe celebratory
than that but um but uh ultimately um uh
i i spend you know as much as time as i
can on our new bets um but as again
everybody here knows you've got to
equally balance that with customers and
investors and and other uh dynamics that
we all face as uh as founders what about
today
um
customers versus prospects how how what
is how much do they trick the ceo into
spending his time with each other i
actually balance this it's actually more
that yeah i i tricked myself into it so
i am
i i i am willing to talk to anybody
interested remotely interested in moving
their content to the cloud so uh so i i
uh i like you know 90 of the time i'll
leave some zoom call with a prospect i'm
like that deal is going to close next
week we got this
it's like a year and a half later um
it's like okay finally we're closing it
so there's a sort of optimism that uh
that refreshes on a daily basis um uh as
a as a founder but um so a lot of time
spent uh with with uh with customers but
you know we've definitely shifted so we
have a hundred thousand companies on the
platform so that means you know almost
by definition the vast majority of our
bookings and revenue are going to be
from our existing instances that's why i
asked the question the majority of your
new revenue will hit it uh is from the
base so a ceo do you align your time
with that or do you not align your time
with that uh you you align your time
with where the the ultimately the
dollars are going to come from and so in
the base we often will have lots of
customers that have significant
expansion opportunity and that can look
as important or be as important as a net
new you know logo that we have to go get
yeah um
so yeah we'll get to that in a minute
one one one just niche question when i
see this just curious so
96 subscription revenue as you go more
solution and even more enterprise
have you thought about pushing that
number lower of doing more services for
these big deals it's it's actually crazy
i've i've been trying to push that
number lower for years lower i can't um
and um uh and and the reason i can't is
because uh there is this sort of
dichotomy where the simpler the software
is yeah and the easier you make it uh to
implement that number is that recurring
side is gonna be higher
and and so there's this inherent tension
which is hopefully if we're building
good software for our customers that the
the amount of extra you know services
they need to be less and the more you
become a platform probably the more that
system integrators and other partners do
it for you
so so i i actually think it'll probably
remain this even though we do become
more solution oriented it's because
we'll have a bigger partner ecosystem
we still want to build very simple
software that's easy to implement but um
i think there's no magic number there's
plenty of amazing sas companies that
have 15 of their revenue as as
consulting revenue and those companies
are doing unbelievably well so yeah even
though qualtrics is 20 services you
probably could do it if you wanted to
right but i i i've tried like tried i've
tried to get it to like eight and i
can't so yeah um but uh so i think i
think every company finds their natural
spot uh for their product for the market
that they're in maybe this will maybe
maybe the number will get higher over
time but i'd say right now you know if i
were talking to an investor i would say
it's you know expected to hover around
this range cool um we could spend all
our time on this slide let me make sure
um
just a quickie and i don't want to spend
all of our time on the future of work
that we talked about right but while we
have you this is this chart you have on
nr is interesting right so there was a
little bit of a deceleration during
during the global pandemic uh and we're
back so i think we know that firing on
all cylinders
what um
maybe more tactically or or specifically
what what's coming next in the next two
years right beyond the the world being
pulled ahead two years and any
signatures uh the light going off but
what what what it real really is going
to be different in the next two years
well in in um i think
you know generally for everybody uh in
this in this room and beyond what's
going to be different is that is that
every company is going to be a hybrid
work organization uh and um and even for
the most sort of ardent fans of of
offices
every it you know organization on the on
the planet is going to have to implement
hybrid work so you've got the you know
basically the singular largest mega
trend in enterprise software history is
is playing out right now and and is it
early is it just starting really though
it is because if you literally look at
people's vendor stack and if you were to
go interview any any cio of any top 10
000 enterprise the majority of their
dollars are going into brand names that
that existed a decade ago so that kind
of tells you we're still pretty early
because it can't possibly be the case
that for all of the world's largest
organizations all the software that
they're using is still the same software
as 10 years ago when we didn't have
hybrid work as the main fixture of how
we operate so something still is yet to
completely go and actually change
and make these markets you know continue
to evolve so you got hybrid work uh you
know everybody knows everything's gonna
go digital there's literally not gonna
be you know anything other than a
digital transaction so think about all
the software that's to get written to go
and help every company in every industry
and every size organization all around
the world be able to process everything
digitally we're still in the very early
endings of that
and then you've got the mega tailwind
and just you know tectonic shift of
security privacy you know global data
privacy challenges that every
organization is facing so you compound
those three things and and there just
have never been more tailwinds in
enterprise software than right now for
uh for this uh this type of
transformation when you and i were in
the early days like at best we were like
like you know iphone 3 and and like you
know aws were like the tailwinds and
that was it like that was the disruption
and and today you have entire ways that
we're shifting all of society and how we
work plus every possible technology
tailwind that you could you could
imagine um so so that's the that's the
macro view for everybody and then for us
um we think the biggest impact for our
business is that that just means there's
going to be a wider generation of of
unstructured content and data um you
know every uh every interaction that you
do with a client a partner a a supplier
there's going to be some amount of data
and content that you're going to work
with you know financial data contracts
invoices marketing assets media research
data knowledge management all of that
has to be stored somewhere managed
workflows around it and then integrated
across applications so that's what we're
going to do so so one instantly want to
follow up on because
maybe it's obvious but i hadn't thought
about too broad up is
what's going to happen in the cio's
office not now but in the next couple
years because when when covid hit there
are certain categories zoom's the most
obvious but it's not just zoom right
it's it's call center right i mean good
god that space exploded e-signatures
that we didn't quite get
and that happened because it had to
happen right but now you're talking to
cios
and they've got 10 year old software
that they're going to replace because of
these changes but it's not all happening
this week right so is this is this
postcovid
buying cycle going to take three to five
years actually to play out it's not done
right well that was the thing so so uh
you know every every company that that
that uh was public certainly and anybody
else sort of had this line last year of
we saw you know 10 years of acceleration
in the past year and that was true but
it was usually with existing customers
that that we're seeing bursts of of new
use cases uh you know maybe yeah you got
all pulled in
all got pulled in but but it was because
just literally the demand of of whatever
the the indirect relationship was uh the
b2b2c element was was the pulling so
twilio obviously exploded because we're
all you know buying doordash all day
long and so by definition you know
twilio explodes zoom obviously exposed
because of the obvious reason so but
that was like that was like the urgent
sort of triage sort of keep businesses
afloat that was not the we're gonna now
automate our business processes that was
not the sort of we're gonna reimagine
you know how we serve our customers over
the long run that was not the you know
we're going to change the actual way
that we work and collaborate and ideate
and you know engineer things that's
that's those are things that do take two
years and three years and five years
because there's software to get built
there is culture to change there's
organizational behavior dynamics that
have to evolve and that's i think the
era that we're entering now so last year
was the the sort of like you could see
rapid expansion because everybody was in
this sort of crisis mode and so maybe
the actual you know sort of rate of
change is going to be slower but the
size of the shift is is as big as it
ever has been yeah it's interesting um
the um
we might have hit this slide expired for
the next few years of growth i think i i
think all your
you know you're just finding my most
inane tweets um so uh so i i put out all
tweets i promise i tweet other things
than just like i'm so fired up right now
like okay okay i just uh i'm so pumped
hold up to another one
talk just a little bit and maybe this is
not not any more interesting than the
data but this is yeah talk a little bit
about
going up market and what you've learned
and what's interesting we have a later
slide maybe we'll get to we won't i
think about how you everyone
characterizes the lines between
categories differently but i think today
you say you're about half enterprise 50
something is right
um
maybe eight percent still self-service
right it's not gone forever did you say
eight percent i think do i have that
wrong i gotta say maybe on revenue i
don't know the latest it's not allowed
to go back
and get it and then 30 or 40 sort of
mid-market smb right and um
what have you learned here in terms of
but but the you've got two big growth
vectors quantitatively one is um selling
more and more to the base right driving
up acv i think i'm not sure right but
then more to bigger customers outsized
growth right so what's changed at box as
you go more enterprise at 800 million
yeah so you know it's interesting um i'm
i've i've decided that like i don't need
to get any points um for
the the thing i'm about to say um but i
do want to be remembered as as still uh
having this as a core part of the
strategy but i just don't care to talk
about it that much um a lot of like like
a lot of founders will come to me and
they'll be like how did you do
enterprise sales at the beginning and
i'm like i was like i didn't we didn't
like we have always been a freemium
product led growth company we just
stopped talking about it because it's
just like like it's just not that much
to talk about at some point so so these
numbers are super important but they
don't come just because we do these you
know super big enterprise deals all the
time they come because we have
instrumented every element of our
product to be self-serve freemium and
viral and then we have an enterprise
sales team that goes and works with
customers to turn those deployments into
much more strategic relationships and
that was the that was the balance that
that we lucked into early that we made
the bet on and it just that's a flywheel
that if you can get humming
almost just you know takes care of
itself
so so our model is most of our upsells
of customers are the customer has
already deployed the software they're
already using it and it's just spreading
and then we go in and then we help that
become a much more strategic deal so um
so i i'm the biggest believer you'll
ever ever find in product led growth uh
freemium viral adoption if you can if
you can nail that for whatever category
you're in that is that is magic um that
uh that that makes you know sas so much
more compelling than than the prior era
of on-prem software so i should know
this but i guess so the majority
if you don't exactly don't ever we don't
do but the majority of these 100k even
million dollar deals
is the sales team hunting existing
accounts and thoughtfully getting
presumably getting better and better
over time at migrating them to bigger
and bigger deals yeah and and the way it
works is literally it's it's introducing
credit to every company in in wherever
they are in that journey so sometimes
it's going to a line of business and
finding a couple use cases and then
rolling it to the cio sometimes it's
going straight even 2021 for box at box
of scale that's still the predominant
way you get the bigger deals right yes
as silos and landon expands and grows i
don't know of another model that you can
do in cloud so and i'm sure somebody out
there maybe maybe palantir or something
is doing a completely different approach
but like for all of us mere mortals like
you just you get adoption you build a
hopefully a great product you get lines
of business and i.t to sort of connect
the dots at some point and then
hopefully you drive bigger and bigger
deals no it's
well it's just interesting to me that i
mean
every every business is hard right it's
not any easier being a ceo today than it
was one year or two years for pre-ipo
right but the but the brand gets bigger
right and i would think in 2021 you'll
have cios that have deployed box now
three or four times over their crew you
would think they would come in and say
look aaron i want to do a 500k deal i
want to do because i've already done
this i don't want to spend five years
i'm ready to roll that out across
my new gig right and and that does
happen but yeah last quarter we did i
don't know 74 deals over a hundred
thousand dollars so it's that's a a
fraction of those but it's still a small
fraction and you still have so many more
that are just they've adopted more of
the product and we have an incredible
you know account executive that goes in
and connects the dots um and that's the
majority of our our revenue still so are
you do you think product led growth is
nothing new
uh well i think there's ways that
they've got it's gotten way better but
like you know now we'll have a slack
channel that will automatically ping the
sales rep that says hey there's some
usage pattern here that you should go in
and you know connect the dots for the
client so so i mean the instrumentation
we get the automation we get is is ten
times better but i mean if uh if if you
know martin mikus was here we'd be
talking about my sequel yeah and and
he'll be here later okay yeah i mean he
he was doing product led growth in 2003
yeah so like literally like you you
download my sequel and then they sell
you an enterprise version so
you know we haven't really changed that
much in 18 years collectively the
instrumentation maybe is a good summary
that you get a lot more telemetry now
yeah so this slide um let's at least
spend a couple minutes on this this is
so interesting right so um
from 2020 if i have this right to 2022
um
attach rates from 10 percent 73 on
multi-product right what is this i
didn't i didn't actually realize this
was gonna be an investor conference this
is great so you know okay all right i i
need to alert my ir team about what i'm
doing here i take i take this stuff and
i find five things that are interesting
for founders not for not for wall street
i don't really care whether your stock
price or up or down right yeah i want to
help founders today is not a great day
for anybody stock price yeah but we're
all going long aren't we i hope so we're
all going long okay but this is pretty i
mean i know that this is a way you're
also sharing this with wall street but
this is this is a big jump from 10 to 73
yeah so this is um uh so so this is
maybe the ultimate financial uh uh maybe
proxy for for what's going on which is
um which is we have a multi-product uh
uh platform yeah we've bundled it now
that i would argue we took too long to
do so um so we had this uh sort of
dynamic where you had to go to the
customer and sell one product at a time
that was i mean it's like duh that's
obviously a bad idea at some point so um
high calorie highly inefficient sale and
then and then the customer gets this
invoice of like nine line items and then
they're just like well i don't want that
line item for that many people and then
you're like no no but you got that by
that discount because you're buying the
other stuff and it just gets confusing
so we did now these sweet bundles and uh
and that's this this stat is our 100k
plus deals that have a suite um or a
multi-product plan and um and so that
that's been fortunately a big driver of
our growth well that was interesting
what i didn't realize a slightly older
version this i had on the web on the sas
website had like three lines of all your
different products right and the new one
has one yeah and that's because you
learned selling three different products
to the same base was not worth it right
yeah it's it's a lot it's a lot better
to just sell the whole thing yeah it's
interesting um
and then this this last one on this one
that i grabbed because this is telling
um 125 nr with multi-product 90 with no
add-on that's like not a small delta is
it no and this is um i don't know that i
don't know the date in which this stat
was shared but so i i wanted like
beginning of the year so let's consider
it uh uh not inaccurate today okay well
i'll additionally correct i'll just say
whenever it was whenever it was
published it was accurate and so what
i'll say is that uh yes uh if you can
get customers to be more strategic yes
um think about your platform more
strategically in our case that's a that
can be approximated by customers that
adopt multiple solutions uh then they
they stay with you longer they grow
faster yeah um and and that's that's the
result we see in the uh net retention
rate improvement would you have done
more of this multi-product stuff lean in
more on security compliance and
everything earlier if you if you'd
realize where the world would be today
yeah yeah totally yeah i think that's
everyone's lesson
yep um
and uh one last one okay maybe we have
that one um we will ignore this one
quickly interesting now that you are
this multi-product
everyone's tams are crazy today everyone
has a 70 billion dollar tam or 120
billion it now that you've been through
this and actually the initial box
category baby is mature right the very
early
uh you know folder on the web is
immature but
is there any ceiling in tam does did you
even worry about this or think about
this do great teams find an infinity tam
yeah we we've always been believers in
bottom-up and top-down tam analysis and
i don't know that that's you know
industry an industry shared term or not
but um we we will look at top-down i.e
where's all the where are the dollars
going in the categories we serve and so
this is an example of some of the
categories that we we serve and now you
can add e-signature as an example but
but so top-down globally
people are spending 55 billion a year on
things about storing data and files and
working with those files and securing
those files okay so that's that's sort
of like the tam you're going to go
disrupt
and i'm sure half of this room has read
blue ocean strategy and the other half
has read innovators dilemma i'm massive
fans of both those books because the
more you can be taking existing spend
existing categories but just changing
the variables a bit so they they favor
your strategy so what we do is we go to
customers and say what if you had one
solution that did all of these things as
opposed to buying individual products
that do parts of those things that's our
disruption play so that's your top down
analysis and then your bottom of
analysis and this one you know you're
now seeing in vc slides more and more
and so it's obviously losing its
credibility as you say okay well there's
a billion end users on the planet that
need that need some
higher end content management
collaboration functionality and so you
could do various ways of discounting and
squinting your eyes and saying okay well
if everybody paid x amount or if you got
this percentage um you'd also be able to
get to a very similar tam number so
we've always tried to triangulate um
using those two metrics and i'm actually
still a believer that that that is a
fair way to do it cool well aaron i got
i wanted more i wanted to ask you but
it'll be the next hasta annual thanks
for watching sorry thank you see ya
[Applause]
[Music]
you